title Success Scenario 1: Elevator 2 - Passenger 2 - Floor 3 to Floor 4




participant Passenger2
participant Floor3Button
participant Floor3
participant ElevatorControlSystem
participant Elevator2
participant E2Sensor
participant E2Door
participant E2Bell
participant adestinationButton
participant E2Display
participant Floor4


Passenger2->Floor3Button:press
activate Floor3Button
Floor3Button->Floor3Button:switchOn()
Floor3Button->Floor3:inform(direction)


Floor3->ElevatorControlSystem:floorReq(floorNb,direction)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
ElevatorControlSystem->ElevatorControlSystem:moveIdle()
ElevatorControlSystem->Floor3Button:off
deactivate Floor3Button
ElevatorControlSystem->E2Door:open
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate E2Door
E2Door->E2Bell:ring()
E2Door->E2Door:openDoor()
deactivate E2Door
Passenger2->adestinationButton:presses
activate adestinationButton
adestinationButton->Elevator2:carRequest(floorNb)

deactivate adestinationButton
activate Elevator2
Elevator2->ElevatorControlSystem:carRequest(floorNb)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
deactivate Elevator2
ElevatorControlSystem->E2Door:close()
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate E2Door
E2Door->E2Door:closeDoor()
E2Door->E2Bell:ring()
E2Door->ElevatorControlSystem:readyToMove(carNumber)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
deactivate E2Door
ElevatorControlSystem->Elevator2:start(Direction)
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate Elevator2
Floor4->E2Sensor:detectMe(floorNb)
activate E2Sensor
E2Sensor->ElevatorControlSystem:newFloor(floorNb)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
deactivate E2Sensor
ElevatorControlSystem->Elevator2:stop()
Elevator2->adestinationButton:off()
ElevatorControlSystem->E2Door:open()
activate E2Door
E2Door->E2Bell:ring()
deactivate E2Door
ElevatorControlSystem->E2Door:close()
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate E2Door
E2Door->E2Door:closeDoor()
E2Door->E2Bell:ring()
E2Door->ElevatorControlSystem:readyToMove(carNumber)
deactivate E2Door
activate ElevatorControlSystem
