title Safety Scenario 2: Power Outage

participant PowerOutageSensor
participant Passenger2
participant Floor2Button
participant Floor2
participant ElevatorControlSystem
participant Elevator3
participant E3Sensor
participant E3Door
participant E3Bell
participant adestinationButton

participant E3Display
participant Floor3
participant Floor4



Passenger2->Floor2Button:press
activate Floor2Button
Floor2Button->Floor2Button:switchOn()
Floor2Button->Floor2:inform(direction)


Floor2->ElevatorControlSystem:floorReq(floorNb,direction)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
ElevatorControlSystem->ElevatorControlSystem:moveIdle()
ElevatorControlSystem->Floor2Button:off
deactivate Floor2Button
ElevatorControlSystem->E3Door:open
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate E3Door
E3Door->E3Bell:ring()
E3Door->E3Door:openDoor()
deactivate E3Door
Passenger2->adestinationButton:presses
activate adestinationButton
adestinationButton->Elevator3:carRequest(floorNb)

deactivate adestinationButton
activate Elevator3
Elevator3->ElevatorControlSystem:carRequest(floorNb)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
deactivate Elevator3
ElevatorControlSystem->E3Door:close()
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate E3Door
E3Door->E3Door:closeDoor()
E3Door->E3Bell:ring()
E3Door->ElevatorControlSystem:readyToMove(carNumber)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
deactivate E3Door
ElevatorControlSystem->Elevator3:start(Direction)
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate Elevator3


Floor3->E3Sensor:detectMe(floorNb)
activate E3Sensor
E3Sensor->ElevatorControlSystem:newFloor(floorNb)
activate ElevatorControlSystem
deactivate E3Sensor
ElevatorControlSystem->E3Display:update(floorNb)
ElevatorControlSystem->ElevatorControlSystem:decision()
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
PowerOutageSensor->ElevatorControlSystem:informs
activate ElevatorControlSystem
ElevatorControlSystem->ElevatorControlSystem:decision()

FireAlarmButton->ElevatorControlSystem:PowerOutage()


ElevatorControlSystem->E3Display:text/audio Warning update



ElevatorControlSystem->Elevator3:stop()

Elevator3->adestinationButton:off()
deactivate Elevator3
ElevatorControlSystem->E3Door:open()
deactivate ElevatorControlSystem
activate E3Door
E3Door->E3Bell:ring()
deactivate E3Door
